Allow documentation for stored procedures (#1358)
mozilla/bigquery-etl: mozfun/event_analysis/create_events_view/README.md

> ### Usage

Reviewer: Generally it's good for the levels of headings to create a hierarchy. Normally the first one would be a title, like:

```md
# Create Events View UDF
```

Is there a reason this wasn't done here?

Author: The generated doc structure does this for us. Basically we end up with one doc like the following:
```
# Event Analysis

...above text....

## create_events_view

...this is generated from the metdata.yaml...

### Usage

...this is this document here...
```

Now, I'm not opposed to dropping this README entirely and focusing all of `event_analysis/README.md` on this one stored procedure. However I'm assuming there will be others we want to publicly make available as well, all under the `event_analysis` namespace.

Reviewer: Makes sense! As long as the end product has sensible header orderings I'm happy.

> ```

Reviewer: Adding a document type to these codeblocks will help the renderer syntax highlight them

```suggestion
```sql
```

(I'm only making the suggestion here but the same applies throughout the PR)

create_events_view(
    view_name STRING,
    project STRING,
    dataset STRING,
    funnels ARRAY<STRUCT<
        funnel_name STRING,
        funnel ARRAY<STRUCT<
            step_name STRING,
            events ARRAY<STRUCT<
                category STRING,
                event_name STRING>>>>>>,
    counts ARRAY<STRUCT<
        count_name STRING,
        events ARRAY<STRUCT<
            category STRING,
            event_name STRING>>>>
  )
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe this would make more sense as a bulleted list? Also, I think the code formatting (backticks) makes a bit more sense than emphasize + italics.

e.g.

```md
Parameters:

* `view_name`: ...
* `project`: ...
```

    ```
    SELECT onboarding
    FROM `moz-fx-data-shared-prod`.analysis.{view_name}
    ```
2. `funnel`: The ordered series of steps that make up a funnel.
    Each step also has:
    1. `step_name`: Used to name the column
        within the funnel and represents whether the user completed
        that step on that day. For example, within `onboarding` we may
        have `completed_first_card` as a step; this can be queried at
        ```
        SELECT onboarding.completed_first_step
        FROM `moz-fx-data-shared-prod`.analysis.{view_name}
        ```
    2. `events`: The set of events which indicate the user completed
        that step of the funnel. Most of the time this is a single event.
        Each event has a `category` and `event_name`.

***counts***: An array of counts. Each count has two parts, similar to funnel steps:
1. `count_name`: Used to name the column representing the event count. E.g.
    `"clicked_settings_count"` would be queried at
    ```
    SELECT clicked_settings_count
    FROM `moz-fx-data-shared-prod`.analysis.{view_name}
    ```
2. `events`: The set of events that we want to count. Each event has
    a `category` and `event_name`.

> #### Structure of the Resulting View

Reviewer: Headings should increment one at a time.

```suggestion
## Structure of the Resulting View
```

Author: I put this under the `Usage` header, since it seems to fall under that category.

> The view will be located at `\`moz-fx-data-shared-prod`\.analysis.{event_name}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The view will be created at `\`moz-fx-data-shared-prod`\.analysis.{event_name}`.
```

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be good to provide some kind of table or simple mermaid diagram illustrating what the generated BigQuery table would look like.

Author: Honestly it's not clear to me what that would even look like. Can you be more specific on what you might want to see?

Reviewer: How about a simple schema diagram like this?

https://docs.telemetry.mozilla.org/datasets/search/search_aggregates/reference.html#schema

Author: @wlach Added one, let me know if it's reasonable. I didn't want to make it too long so I left out the dimensions.

      [STRUCT('collections' AS category, 'saved' AS event_name)] AS events
    ),
    STRUCT(
      "number_of_collections_deleted" AS count_name,
      [STRUCT('collections' AS category, 'removed' AS event_name)] AS events
    )
  ]
);
```

From there, we can query a few things. For example, the fraction 
of users who completed each step of the collection flow over time:
```
SELECT
    submission_date,
    COUNTIF(collection_flow.started_collection_creation) / COUNT(*) AS started_collection_creation,
    COUNTIF(collection_flow.completed_collection_creation) / COUNT(*) AS completed_collection_creation,
FROM
    `moz-fx-data-shared-prod`.analysis.fenix_collection_funnels
WHERE
    submission_date >= DATE_SUB(current_date, INTERVAL 28 DAY)
```

Or we can see the number of collections created and deleted:
```
SELECT
    submission_date,
    SUM(number_of_collections_created) AS number_of_collections_created,
    SUM(number_of_collections_deleted) AS number_of_collections_deleted,
FROM
    `moz-fx-data-shared-prod`.analysis.fenix_collection_funnels
WHERE
    submission_date >= DATE_SUB(current_date, INTERVAL 28 DAY)
```

#### Recommended Pattern

> Because the view definitions themselves are not informative about the contents of the events fields,

Reviewer: This is probably worth putting higher up, it's a high-level concept that's worth communicating early.

step on that day.

```
STRUCT(
    completed_step_1 BOOLEAN,
    completed_step_2 BOOLEAN,
    ...
) AS funnel_name
```

With one row per-user per-day, we can use `COUNTIF(funnel_name.completed_step_N)` to query
these fields. See below for an example.

##### Event Counts
Each event count is simply an `INT64` representing the number of times the user completed
those events on that day. If there are multiple events represented within one count,
the values are summed. For example, if we wanted to know the number of times a user
opened or closed the app, we could create a single event count with those two
events.

```
event_count_name INT64
```

### Examples
The following creates a few fields:
- `collection_flow` is a funnel for those that started creating
    a collection within Fenix, and then finished, either by adding
    those tabs to an existing collection or saving it as a new
    collection.
- `collection_flow_saved` represents users who started the collection
    flow then saved it as a new collection.
- `number_of_collections_created` is the number of collections created
- `number_of_collections_deleted` is the number of collections deleted

```

> CALL procedures.create_funnels_view(

Reviewer 2: Should this be `mozfun.event_analysis.create_events_view`?

    counts ARRAY<STRUCT<
        count_name STRING,
        events ARRAY<STRUCT<
            category STRING,
            event_name STRING>>>>
  )
```

- `view_name`: The name of the view that will be created. This view
    will be in the shared-prod project, in the analysis bucket,
    and so will be queryable at:
        ```sql
        `moz-fx-data-shared-prod`.analysis.{view_name}
        ```

- `project`: The project where the `dataset` is located.

- `dataset`: The dataset that must contain both the `events_daily` and
    `event_types` tables.

- `funnels`: An array of funnels that will be created. Each funnel has
    two parts:
    1. `funnel_name`: The name of the funnel is what the column representing
        the funnel will be named in the view. For example, with the value
        `"onboarding"`, the view can be selected as follows:
        ```sql
        SELECT onboarding
        FROM `moz-fx-data-shared-prod`.analysis.{view_name}
        ```
    2. `funnel`: The ordered series of steps that make up a funnel.
        Each step also has:
        1. `step_name`: Used to name the column
            within the funnel and represents whether the user completed

>             that step on that day. For example, within `onboarding` we may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            that step on that day. For example, within `onboarding` a user may
```

            have `completed_first_card` as a step; this can be queried at
            ```sql
            SELECT onboarding.completed_first_step
            FROM `moz-fx-data-shared-prod`.analysis.{view_name}
            ```
        2. `events`: The set of events which indicate the user completed
            that step of the funnel. Most of the time this is a single event.
            Each event has a `category` and `event_name`.

- `counts`: An array of counts. Each count has two parts, similar to funnel steps:
    1. `count_name`: Used to name the column representing the event count. E.g.
        `"clicked_settings_count"` would be queried at
        ```sql
        SELECT clicked_settings_count
        FROM `moz-fx-data-shared-prod`.analysis.{view_name}
        ```

>     2. `events`: The set of events that we want to count. Each event has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. `events`: The set of events you want to count. Each event has
```

        a `category` and `event_name`.

#### Recommended Pattern
Because the view definitions themselves are not informative about the contents of the events fields,

> we recommend that queries using this view are put immediately after the procedure invocation, and
> not run as separate queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is best to put your query immediately after the procedure invocation, rather than invoking the procedure and running a separate query.
```

[This STMO query](https://sql.telemetry.mozilla.org/queries/75243/source) is an example of doing so.
This allows viewers of the query to easily interpret what the funnel and count columns represent.

#### Structure of the Resulting View

The view will be created at 
```
`moz-fx-data-shared-prod`.analysis.{event_name}.
```

The view will have a schema roughly matching the following:
```
root
 |-- submission_date: date
 |-- client_id: string
 |-- {funnel_1_name}: record
 |  |-- {funnel_step_1_name} boolean
 |  |-- {funnel_step_2_name} boolean
 ...
 |-- {funnel_N_name}: record
 |  |-- {funnel_step_M_name}: boolean
 |-- {count_1_name}: integer
 ...
 |-- {count_N_name}: integer
 ...dimensions...
```

##### Funnels
Each funnel will be a `STRUCT` with nested columns representing completion of each step
The types of those columns are boolean, and represent whether the user completed that
step on that day.

```sql
STRUCT(
    completed_step_1 BOOLEAN,
    completed_step_2 BOOLEAN,
    ...
) AS funnel_name
```

> With one row per-user per-day, we can use `COUNTIF(funnel_name.completed_step_N)` to query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With one row per-user per-day, you can use `COUNTIF(funnel_name.completed_step_N)` to query
```

these fields. See below for an example.

##### Event Counts
Each event count is simply an `INT64` representing the number of times the user completed
those events on that day. If there are multiple events represented within one count,

> the values are summed. For example, if we wanted to know the number of times a user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the values are summed. For example, if you wanted to know the number of times a user
```

> opened or closed the app, we could create a single event count with those two

Reviewer: ```suggestion
opened or closed the app, you could create a single event count with those two
```

  'org_mozilla_firefox',

  -- Funnels
  [
    STRUCT(
      "collection_flow" AS funnel_name,
      [STRUCT(
        "started_collection_creation" AS step_name,
        [STRUCT('collections' AS category, 'tab_select_opened' AS event_name)] AS events),
      STRUCT(
        "completed_collection_creation" AS step_name,
        [STRUCT('collections' AS category, 'saved' AS event_name),
        STRUCT('collections' AS category, 'tabs_added' AS event_name)] AS events)
    ] AS funnel),

    STRUCT(
      "collection_flow_saved" AS funnel_name,
      [STRUCT(
        "started_collection_creation" AS step_name,
        [STRUCT('collections' AS category, 'tab_select_opened' AS event_name)] AS events),
      STRUCT(
        "saved_collection" AS step_name,
        [STRUCT('collections' AS category, 'saved' AS event_name)] AS events)
    ] AS funnel)
  ],

  -- Event Counts
  [
    STRUCT(
      "number_of_collections_created" AS count_name,
      [STRUCT('collections' AS category, 'saved' AS event_name)] AS events
    ),
    STRUCT(
      "number_of_collections_deleted" AS count_name,
      [STRUCT('collections' AS category, 'removed' AS event_name)] AS events
    )
  ]
);
```

> From there, we can query a few things. For example, the fraction 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there, you can query a few things. For example, the fraction 
```

of users who completed each step of the collection flow over time:
```sql
SELECT
    submission_date,
    COUNTIF(collection_flow.started_collection_creation) / COUNT(*) AS started_collection_creation,
    COUNTIF(collection_flow.completed_collection_creation) / COUNT(*) AS completed_collection_creation,
FROM
    `moz-fx-data-shared-prod`.analysis.fenix_collection_funnels
WHERE
    submission_date >= DATE_SUB(current_date, INTERVAL 28 DAY)
GROUP BY
    submission_date
```

> Or we can see the number of collections created and deleted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can see the number of collections created and deleted:
```
